Alright now hopefully you checked out
of github and saw the errors. I'm going to
jump over to IntelliJ and step you
through the errors step by step and explain
what we learned in this module and how
to step through and see the errors and
correct the errors and get this
application working and all the
dependencies being managed by the Spring
context again. So I'm going to jump over
to IntelliJ and step right through this
will get the errors and I'll show you
how to fix those. Okay I'm going to go
through step by step here and fix this
and let's go through and run it first
and see what happens and it's actually
multiple problems here that I left you
with and the first thing that we are
getting is a NullPointerException and
it's coming out of the PrimaryGermanGreetingService
and you can see that
I've added in the GreetingRepository. I
just added it in as a property but I
didn't do anything with it.
I didn't add anything for dependency
injection so now what I want to do is
constructor base dependency injection.
I'll go in and do that now so command N
Constructor and because it's a
straight up GreetingRepository, Spring
is going to autowire that for me and
let's go ahead and run it now see what
else we get and now we can see that
it's complaining that it can't find it
so let's look at the GreetingRepository
so I've got the interface and different
methods of the interface. Take a look at
that everything looks okay with the class
except there's no annotation at the top
of it and I'm going to throw you a
curveball here and we've been using
service but I'm going to throw this in
as a Component and actually if you use
component, service, controller or
repository, any of those will cause the
Spring context to bring it in as a bean
so we're going to get a component scan
on this package because of where the
Spring boot application is and it will
get brought into the context now if I
start this up, the German implementation
should be happy and
everything worked and I did not expect
that so let's take a quick look. That was
actually my mistake because we only have
the German implementation coming in so if
I come over here and change this to es
we should see the same error again so I
didn't implement it in the other ones as
well so we're going to need to do the
same thing there. I'm going to do
Constructor and we'll also need to do
the Primary here. Now let's go ahead and
run this if you get that output
properly so that works there and let's
double check the other Profiles and
let's make sure that this works without
any Profile active. So we can see that
our with a Profile of English Spanish or
German or no Profile at all everything
is working and just to recap what we
changed there, one problem was we didn't
have this annotated as a Spring
component or Spring service so it wasn't
getting brought into the context as a
bean and because we didn't specify any
type of profile on it this will get
brought in regardless of what the active
Profile is and originally when I ran it
and did not see the problem that was
because the Profile wasn't active so we
only had the German Profile active you
can see how Spring completely ignored
the lack of the constructor on the other
beans because it wasn't trying to wire
those up. Once I changed the Profile we
saw how Spring saw those beans and
complained about not being able to wire
them up because we're missing the
constructor on them so now that we have
the constructor, Spring does autowiring
by constructor on these three
implementations and wires in that little
greeting repository and it works
normally as expected.